[suspenseful music plays]
[rock music plays]
[grunting]
[rock music continues]
Terry. Hey.
Couldn't meet at the Four Seasons?
You had to pick this shithole?
So I have some good news.
Got the judge to officially throw away
your case. Not that it was tough.
That Raymond Porter character,
you know, the Stingray guy?
Least credible witness of all time.
He tried to get this kid, Bert,
to testify on his behalf.
It was the most ridiculous thing
I've ever seen in a courtroom.
[cheering]
Look, Terry.
Ever since you've been back in karate,
you've been acting--
[glass thuds]
I'm just saying you blew
a lot of money on those dojos.
You're lucky to have the yacht left.
I don't want you
to go on a downward spiral and
end up in the morgue
like your buddy, Snake.
We'll all end up there someday.
[fighter] Come on, man. I'm done.
[cheering]
[ominous music plays]
[Wolf grunts]
Ooh.
Watch this.
[tense music plays]
-[fighter grunts]
-[bones crunch]
Jesus Christ.
I still have my offshore accounts?
Yeah. But I don't know
what you're gonna want--
That's all I needed to hear.
Baby, are you okay?
-Man said you wanna see me.
-[Silver] Yes.
-[Silver exhales]
-[Wolf chuckles]
Was that the Shaolin Sunset?
-I thought that move was banned.
-No, not here.
-And I only gave him three-quarters speed.
-[Silver chuckles]
Are you from the commission?
No. No. We're not from the commission.
But I do know about your financial issues.
Lost ownership of your dojo.
Some problems can be solved in the cage,
but not this one.
You got into bed
with the wrong people, friend.
Ah.
Are you my friend now?
No.
I'm your savior.
I'm here to pay off all your debts.
What's the catch, then?
As defending champions,
your team has an automatic berth
to the Sekai Taikai.
I have some friends
who wanna play spoiler.
You show them the error of their ways
by embarrassing them
in front of the world,
and I'll sign ownership of the dojo
back to you forever.
[Wolf] Hm.
Consider it done.
-Yes.
-[man] No.
No. Nothing's done here. Come on, Terry.
Buying another dojo?
Think about your legacy.
[Silver] Legacy?
Those sons of bitches
ruined my reputation.
They took the one thing
left in the world I cared about.
So, if I'm going to hell…
I'm taking 'em down with me.
You were behind my kidnapping?
Your obsession with your mentor's past
made it way too easy.
Plus, I couldn't resist
reintroducing you to Mr. De Guzman here.
-Just take off, all right?
-You take off!
-Dennis, take him out.
-Put his eye out!
-Yeah! Come on!
-You got it!
Ready to go again?
You gotta be kidding me.
[Kreese] Enough, Terry.
You got three seconds to get out of there.
Or we're gonna get you out.
One.
Two.
[in Spanish] Mr. Silver. Are you ready?
Yes, Gabriella.
Just a moment, please.
[in English] I'm so sorry, folks,
but it is time for my four-hand massage.
I was really looking forward
to seeing this play out,
but… an appointment's an appointment.
You look a little tense, John.
You should book yourself in here.
My treat.
[ominous orchestral music plays]
Just like the old days.
Vamos.
[ominous music continues]
[Kim Da-Eun] Not here. Not now.
Let's win the tournament first.
[solemn music plays]
[Daniel] What was that?
Um, it is nothing. I'm sure.
What do we do now?
We can't hide this from the kids.
If we're gonna take on Kreese and Silver,
we're all gonna need to work together.
Come on.
[suspenseful music plays]
We're back, bitches, eager to kick ass.
Who's ready to win this thing?
What crawled up everyone's butts?
[tense music plays]
That ponytail prick is back?
You gotta be kidding me.
What good is prison if Kreese can escape
and Silver doesn't even go?
Sekai Taikai admission policy also suck.
All right. For better or worse,
the Sekai Taikai doesn't know
what went down in the Valley.
Silver is here
to make good on his promise.
Becoming the number-one dojo worldwide.
Silver cannot win with Cobra Kai,
so he buys another dojo.
And we all know from experience
he's not afraid to get his hands dirty.
Look, screw Silver.
We took him down before.
We'll do it again.
I came back, left Carmen
to win.
-Let's finish what we started.
-Yes.
Hey, Johnny. I, um…
I just wanna tell you how relieved I am
that Carmen and the baby are okay.
And I
really appreciate
that voicemail you left for me.
Don't worry, LaRusso.
It's all piss under the bridge.
We good?
We're good.
Good.
Let's go win this thing.
Let's go.
Hey.
Um, look, I… I don't know
how you'll ever forgive me, but,
Kenny, I am truly sorry.
I have regretted what I did to you
every single day that I've been here.
[sighs]
Look, I… I had a lot of time
to think on the plane.
And I've always liked you.
You were always cool with me
when we trained with Silver, so,
honestly, you targeting me
is kind of flattering.
You just saw me as the biggest threat.
-[both chuckle]
-I did.
-Yeah, I know.
-Psst.
-[Devon] Hey, how was your flight?
-Hey.
If Miguel's back, why is Kenny here?
Oh, 'cause he's taking Devon's spot.
What, so he just forgave her
all of a sudden?
After what she did?
[scoffs] I don't buy it.
Sam, as our only captain
without a soft spot for Kenny,
I feel obligated to inform you
that we may have
a potential traitor in our midst.
-[Devon] I'm a little nervous.
-Oh, all right.
We shouldn't be jumping to conclusions.
[Demetri] I'm not saying
it's happened yet.
All I'm saying is
we know that Silver's gonna cheat.
The only question is, how?
[tense music plays]
[Gunther] Top eight dojos,
welcome to our final group event.
Over the course of the tournament,
you have each proven yourselves worthy
of your place atop the leaderboard.
And after today,
only the best of the best
will gain entry
into our tournament of champions.
Now, here are the rules for this round.
Each team will face three opponents,
determined by random draw,
in an all-dojo tag team competition!
[cheering]
[Gunther] Two fighters inside the ring.
One from each dojo at a time.
[referee] Fighters, ready.
[Gunther] The other ten fighters
remain outside,
waiting to be tagged in by their teammate.
[referee] Fight.
[grunting]
[exciting music plays]
[Tory groans]
[Gunther] Fighting will be continuous.
Hurry! Hurry! Tag!
[Gunther] No stoppages, no timeouts.
[grunting]
[fighter grunts]
Point!
[Gunther] So use your teammates wisely.
[exciting music continues]
[Zara grunts]
[grunting]
-[Zara grunts]
-[referee] Point! Iron Dragons, 2-0.
[Gunther] The first dojo
to score three points wins the match.
[exciting music continues]
[grunting]
[woman] Quicker! Quicker!
[Gunther] By the end of today,
your captains will either
be fighting in the tournament of champions
or be eliminated,
watching from the sidelines.
[groaning]
[referee] Point!
-Yeah!
-Cobra Kai wins!
-[Kwon yells]
-[referee] Iron Dragons win!
-Let's go!
-[cheering and laughter]
[Gunther] May the best dojos win.
[boy] Vamos! Ándale, Diego.
[kids shout in Spanish]
Fight!
[exciting music plays]
Demetri. Hey, tag me in.
No! I got it!
[Demetri gasps]
[grunting]
[exciting music continues]
-Demetri, tag me in.
-No!
[referee] Point!
What?
[Sam grunts]
[exciting music continues]
-[Sam yells]
-[Diego] Maria.
[Maria grunts, speaks Spanish]
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[chuckles]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
-Yes!
-[referee] Point! 1-1!
Let's go!
[tense music plays]
[yells]
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
-[yells]
-Hawk, tag me in.
[Sam] Hawk, tag in Kenny.
[inaudible speech]
-[Robby] What are you doing? Tag Kenny.
-[Kenny] Come on!
[dramatic music continues]
What are you doing?
[referee] Point!
[in Spanish] Animal! Hurry up!
[grunting]
[Miguel in English] Robby.
[dramatic music builds]
[audience gasp]
Point! Winner!
[announcer] Team Pantera
with an impressive victory.
Miyagi-Do's loss puts them on the verge
of elimination after their first match.
Eli, why didn't you tag in Kenny
when you had the chance?
He just got here.
You expect us to trust him?
Trust me to what? Not get my ass kicked
like you and Demetri?
Like you'd do any better
against Spanish Hawk.
You completely disappeared
after the Shittening.
And then you coincidentally come back
the same time as Silver.
-You really want to tag in a mole?
-Are you serious?
I fly here to help us win,
and you won't give me a chance?
Everybody laughed at me in the woods,
but somehow, I'm the bad guy?
He's still pissed.
It makes sense he'd want revenge.
-Say something, you--
-Hey! This isn't about Kenny.
I'm the one who lost the match. Me.
Robby.
[somber music plays]
What the hell was that?
I… I don't know.
Team falling apart
faster than crunchy taco.
We haven't even faced his team yet,
and Silver's already affecting us.
Yeah. Ignoring him isn't working.
He wants to screw with us,
maybe we should screw with him right back.
[tense music plays]
[Kreese] You'd better watch your back.
Maybe use other enemy
to do screwing, hmm?
[tense music crescendos]
Yo, Robby.
What's going on?
You can see what's going on.
I'm completely screwing it up out there.
That's not on you. That was a team loss.
Okay? What's really going on?
What happened while I was away?
A lot.
Tory ended things.
-She hooked up with Kwon.
-What?
Yeah, and then I got drunk
and did something stupid.
I'm just…
I'm blowing it on and off the mat.
You were right.
You should've been captain.
That's bullshit.
You earned that spot.
You're just in your head right now.
I get it. Who wouldn't be?
But the team is hanging on by a thread.
And we need a leader.
Yeah, I know. But I'm not it.
That's more bullshit. Look.
Robby, you led the charge
for everyone to leave Silver.
You got Kenny to Miyagi-Do.
Like it or not,
you're a natural-born leader.
Okay? You fight for what you believe in,
and you don't give up.
So this whole
"I'm not a leader" thing is… is…
-Bullshit?
-Yes.
So lead us.
And we'll follow.
I'll follow.
Even though I've been acting
like an asshole to you before I left.
It was just…
It wasn't you.
It's okay.
When the time is right,
you're gonna step up.
Like you always do.
Like the leader you are.
-[Robby] Thanks, man.
-[Miguel] I got you.
What's up, my Karate Squad?
All the way to the quarterfinals,
and the Queen of Karate
is still undefeated.
What's my secret?
All day, I work hard.
But at night,
I play even harder.
Isn't that right, Nichols?
-But we--
-[Tory] It's true.
Zara's secret is she's a two-faced bitch
who doesn't give a shit about her sisters
unless it's to steal their boyfriends.
-Give me that!
-[Kim Da-Eun] Enough!
Leave.
I am tired
of all this off-the-mat nonsense.
You need to focus.
[tense music plays]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Kreese] A gift certificate to the spa.
[tense music crescendos]
[suspenseful music plays]
-Hey! You thieving son of a bitch!
-[man] Whoa, hey!
-Where is it?
-[Wolf] Easy!
[Silver chuckles]
-Where the hell is it?
-[Silver laughs]
I have no idea
what you're even talking about.
Gentlemen!
What the…
The only fighting we allow here
is on the mat.
Do you want me to suspend you?
Our deepest apologies, Mr. Braun.
It will not happen again.
It better not.
You don't wanna see me angry.
When did I become a babysitter?
This isn't over.
I look forward to next time.
[Kim Da-Eun] Go cool off.
[Daniel] Look at that. It's working.
I'm surprised
you went along with the plan.
What would Miyagi think?
Part of defense
is redirecting your opponent's momentum.
Also, dog cage change a man.
-Mm-hmm. Maybe that too.
-[Johnny chuckles]
[dramatic music plays]
[announcer] The next match
between Cobra Kai and Tiger Strike
will begin in 15 minutes.
[dramatic music continues]
[referee] Fighters ready. Fight!
Point!
Yeah!
Yoon, tag Nichols.
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
Bad idea.
There's something wrong with your girl.
She doesn't have her head in the game.
She can handle anything.
Yoon. Tag her.
Tory.
[dramatic music plays]
[in Russian] Destroy her, Vlad!
[dramatic music continues]
-[Tory groans]
-[referee in English] Tiger Strike, 2-0.
Maybe your fighter needs to pay attention.
[both laugh]
[dramatic music plays]
[groans]
[dramatic music continues]
Nichols, focus.
Your heart's not in this. Is it?
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
[referee] Point!
[suspenseful music plays]
Tiger Strike, winner!
Yeah!
[announcer] Tiger Strike stays alive
with their first win,
while Cobra Kai drops to 1-1.
Another loss, and Cobra Kai is out.
I'm fine. I'm fine!
Mr. Payne.
Glad to see you finally made it.
[tense music plays]
What the hell do you want?
Just to welcome you to your rightful place
at the Sekai Taikai.
Too bad your new dojo
doesn't feel the same.
Based on how they left you out in the cold
in that first match.
Maybe they don't see the champion in you.
I always have.
You know,
with the loopholes in the roster system,
I'd make a spot for you on my team
in a heartbeat.
I, uh…
No. I couldn't do that to the Miyagi-Dos.
Why?
What have they done for you?
Hmm?
Did you come here to win?
What?
My team is undefeated.
You'd have a much better chance
if you were actually on a winning team.
Up to you, young man.
[tense music plays]
[Daniel] So we need to win this one
to stay in the tournament.
We know it's hard with Silver here,
but we are not fighting his team now.
[Johnny] We've heard this garbage
going around about loyalty.
Almost all of us
trained somewhere else at some point.
What matters is where our asses are now.
We're Miyagi-Do.
-Got it?
-Come on, y'all. Let's go!
[tense music plays]
I saw Kenny talking to Silver.
Are you serious?
[exciting music plays]
[referee] Fight!
[Miguel grunts]
[exciting music continues]
[man] Ais!
It's time.
Okay. You got this.
[dramatic music plays]
Ais!
[dramatic music continues]
-Point!
-Yeah!
Let's go!
[dramatic music continues]
Robby, tag me.
No. Over here. Tag me, tag me!
-Tag Kenny!
-Do not tag Kenny. Do not tag him!
[inaudible speech]
[Miguel] So lead us.
And we'll follow.
[uplifting music plays]
Ais!
[uplifting music continues]
-Finally.
-[Robby] Come on, Kenny. Go!
No, no! [groans]
[tense music plays]
[Silver] What have they done for you?
Did you come here to win?
You got this, you got this, you got this.
[exhales slowly]
Ais!
[dramatic music plays]
-Point!
-Yes!
[referee] Miyagi-Do, two.
[yells]
[referee] Another point!
Miyagi-Do wins!
-Yes!
-Let's go!
-That's badass!
Dude, what the hell, man?
-Let's go! Come on!
-Whoo!
[announcer] With the win,
Miyagi-Do moves to 1-1.
If they win their next match, they advance
to the tournament of champions.
Come on, baby!
Let's go!
Good job, captain.
[triumphant music plays]
[ominous music plays]
[kids] Yes! Yeah! Yeah!
-[Kenny] Yeah!
-[Miguel] Yes!
[exhales happily]
I know it was you
who stole Kreese's eunjangdo.
Put it back.
-You confuse me for thief.
-[Kim Da-Eun scoffs]
Don't you know what you've done?
Kreese is like dynamite
waiting to explode.
And that blast can easily
be directed your way.
Is that a threat?
It's a warning.
I'd hate for you to make another… mistake.
[announcer] After the break,
our final round.
First match, Miyagi-Do versus Cobra Kai.
I would hurry.
You don't have much time.
[suspenseful music plays]
[music fades]
[Robby] Come on, guys.
We beat Cobra Kai before.
We can do it again.
One more time.
Let's send our captains into the finals.
One last time.
Win or lose,
this is the last time
we'll ever fight together as a team.
Damn. I guess
I never thought about it like that.
After everything we've been through,
this is…
This is it. [chuckles]
So?
How do we wanna go out?
[Miguel breathes deeply]
[gentle music plays]
Eli?
Dude.
I'm really sorry.
I… I didn't mean to hurt you.
Oh, I… I know you didn't. I…
I'm just scared of losing my best friend.
I'm gonna miss you so much, man.
Yeah.
But you'll always be my brother.
[gentle music continues]
Okay, that's enough.
There's no crying in karate.
[Sam and Devon laugh]
-Come on. Come in here, boys.
-[Kenny laughs]
You guys are always
gonna be my brothers too.
[gentle music continues]
We're a family.
All of us.
[gentle music continues]
Who are we?
[all] Miyagi-Do.
[all] Miyagi-Do!
-[Robby] Who are we?
-[all shouting] Miyagi-Do!
I said who are we?
[all] Miyagi-Do! Miyagi-Do!
-Yeah!
-[Devon] Whoo!
You know, we did have one real doozy
of an inspirational speech planned.
Looks like you guys beat us to it.
Our senseis taught us well.
All right. Enough of this kumbaya crap.
It's time to get out there
and kick some Cobra Kai ass!
[all] Yeah!
Let's go!
[announcer] Because both Miyagi-Do
and Cobra Kai are one and one,
whoever wins this match advances.
And whoever loses is eliminated.
[tense music plays]
Defeat does not exist in this dojo.
Does it?
No, Sensei.
Good.
[Kim Da-Eun] Nichols.
Is the Keene boy
why you've been fighting so poorly?
Yeah, I know what you're gonna say.
"Forget about the boy.
He's just a distraction."
[tense music continues]
No.
Whatever he's making you feel…
Confusion, heartache,
anger.
…feel all of it.
And then use it.
What? You think you're the first girl
that's ever been hurt by a boy?
We can let them get away with it,
or we can make them pay.
[suspenseful music plays]
All right. Remember, trust, tag, teamwork.
You got this. Who's in first?
[suspenseful music continues]
-What are you doing?
-Don't act like you don't know.
[tense music plays]
You and Zara.
[tense music continues]
Ready.
Fight!
[Robby grunts]
[dramatic music plays]
[Sam] Robby, tag me in.
Come on, Sam.
How you say, uh, lovers' quarrel?
[laughs]
[dramatic music continues]
[Sam grunts]
[both grunt]
Come on, Sam.
How can you be mad at me
when you ended things?
I said pause,
not hook up with our enemies.
So it's okay to hook up
with your new teammates then?
-What's that supposed to mean?
-You and Kwon.
[dramatic music continues]
-[Sam groans]
-[referee] Point!
-Come on, tag me in.
-[referee] Cobra Kai. 1-0.
[both grunt]
There is no me and Kwon, you idiot.
What?
Your dumb ass got played.
[dramatic music continues]
-[referee] Point! Miyagi-Do, 1-1!
-Yes!
-You got this!
-[Demetri grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
Come on.
[Hawk] Demetri, tag me in.
[Demetri grunts]
[exciting music plays]
[Demetri] Now hurry, tag me back in.
[exciting music continues]
[Hawk] Hey, Demetri. Demetri!
[Demetri] Hawk, he's slowing down.
Don't let him tag out!
Okay. Now tag me back in.
[Hawk] Dude, it's working!
Binary Bros are back.
[grunting]
[Demetri] You got it.
[dramatic music plays]
-[Kenny] We got him. He's out of gas.
-Holy shit, that's badass.
[Kenny yells]
[dramatic music continues]
Point!
-Yeah!
-[referee] Miyagi-Do, 2-1.
[tense music plays]
-Let's go.
-You got it.
Okay, let's go, number two.
Ais!
[dramatic music plays]
Point, Cobra Kai. 2-2!
-Next point wins.
-Come on.
[rock music plays]
You got this, Robby.
[Kwon grunts]
[Kwon laughs]
It's about time.
Let's see what you got.
-Ais!
[dramatic music plays]
[Robby] Ais!
Okay.
[dramatic music continues]
[Kwon grunts]
What's Robby doing?
He's making it hurt.
[Kwon yells]
[dramatic music continues]
[exciting music plays]
[yells]
[dramatic music plays]
[Robby yells]
[dramatic music continues]
[Kwon yells]
[Kwon groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[yells]
Ais! [yells]
[dramatic music continues]
[Kwon groans]
Point! Miyagi-Do wins!
-[Sam exclaims]
-Yeah!
[announcer] With the win, Miyagi-Do
advances to the tournament of champions!
Incredible!
[uplifting music plays]
Congratulations, Johnny.
You finally beat Kreese.
We finally beat Kreese.
Well, I actually beat him
in my first tournament.
-Don't make me hit you.
-Yeah.
-Yeah!
-You guys!
[uplifting music continues]
[cheering]
Yes!
[uplifting music continues]
[music fades]
[Miguel] Boy got some of this!
[Sam laughs]
[Sam] I, uh…
I wish you could be celebrating with us.
[somber music plays]
She'll come around.
All the shit you pulled to get here
and nothing to show for it. How's it feel?
[sighs]
This isn't over.
The scoreboard says otherwise.
Couldn't happen to a shittier guy.
See you in another life, Kreese.
Congratulations, LaRusso,
on making it to the semis
and
for siccing Kreese on me
with that dagger ruse.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-[Silver] One more thing.
I felt bad that your Miyagi investigation
didn't lead anywhere.
Luckily, I don't give up so easily.
A gift.
From me to you.
I don't want your gifts.
I think you do.
[mysterious music plays]
Daniel-san, you okay?
What is it?
Did Silver just serve you papers?
No.
It's a Sekai Taikai record for…
From the year Mr. Miyagi participated.
[tense music plays]
Mr. Miyagi's match ended in death?
He killed his opponent.
[tense music crescendos]
[solemn music plays]
This isn't over
until I say it's over.
[dramatic music plays]
[theme music plays]
[music fades]